A few days ago something very bad happened to my friend Lily.
She was walking to a party through the park one afternoon and she was wearing a beautiful
new dress.
She was listening to music while she was walking.
It was sunny but the ground was wet from rain in the morning.
She walked near some boys and girls.
They were playing football in the park.
Since Lily was walking past, the ball hit her.
It was wet and dirty, so her beautiful new dress became wet and dirty too.
The boys and girls stopped playing to see if Lily was alright.
They were very sorry but there was nothing they could do and there was no time for Lily
to go home and change.
Poor Lily had to go to the party with dirty clothes.